PAC-MAN-THE GLOVES ARE OFF!

This game is a shooting type game with an asteroids gameplay style, though with a twist!
The theme of the game is to the arcade classic "Pac-Man," except our hero has grown tired
of running from these pesky ghosts. The time is nigh for action, and Pac-Man is packing.
Fend off the oncoming waves of ghosts with the pellets Pac-Man has coveted up until now.
When you're in a bind, use special abilities to wipe out multiple enemies, or to dodge
the spooky ghosts.

Like any classic arcade game, this is a game about getting a high score.  In each round,
Pac-Man's level scales with the score.  With each new level, Pac-Man's abilities grow
stronger and become more readily available to use.  Unfortunately, the difficulty of the
round also increases with the score, so it's no easy task to reach the highest level. 

Dive in and see how many ghosts you can fend off!

B - Blink or Teleport to a clicked destination
T - Set a Timed Bomb in the clicked destination
Space - Fire pellets
Shift+Space - Cast Nova
A - Move Left
S - Move Back
D - Move Right
W - Move Up
Mouse Hover - Aim

SCORING AND GAMEPLAY
Each time you defeat a ghost, the score will be incremented by one.  This also has an
effect on how fast the other ghosts will appear on the screen, as well as the player's
current level.  Reach the highest score possible to unlock all the player's perks.

Steer clear from the ghosts, as soon as one gets too close, it's game over!  Use 
offensive abilities to fend them off.  When a pellet or area of effect spell collides
with a ghost, the ghost will dissipate into oblivion!

GRAPHICAL OBJECTS:
The player is animated by a Pac-Man figure, (in a future version, the Pac-Man player
would rotate in the direction in which the user is aiming). The enemies are the classic
Pac-Man ghosts coming in a variety of colors.  These images are drawn to the specific 
x and y coordinates of their respective objects.  The rest of the game board is drawn
though JavaScript, including any and all abilities and items.  The animations are drawn
by iterations: for example the "Nova" ability calls a function to draw a circle with
an initial radius, which increases in each iteration until some maximum radius value 
is achieved.  Several other of the abilities function in a similar iterative manner
in regards to animation.  